Great job.
You did it,
you finished the course and in this course, you learned a lot about Flutter.
How to build apps with it, how to work with widgets, which different kinds of widgets you have,
how to compose complex user interfaces from widgets, how to communicate between widgets, how to manage
state, how to navigate, how to use native device features like the camera or maps or on device storage
and so much more.
You learned a lot about Flutter and you now have a lot of tools that should help you build amazing applications.
Now in the next two videos in this module here, I'll round this course up and show you some potential
next steps you could take to make you an even better Flutter developer and explain how you could dive
deeper and what my recommendations would be and I then also want to layout kind of a blueprint,
a basic plan for how you could approach future apps you might be building, generally an idea of the different
phases app development has and how you might want to think about these phases.
I hope that's helpful
and it was fun having you as a student,
thanks for being part of the course.